uncle
I don't believe Xiao Xi is that kind of person
This woman did this to your dearest grandfather
How dare you watch her relax
Shen listened, calm down
I'm going to see Grandpa Shen today
I really want to ask him to understand.
But I won't be cruel enough to hurt him.
Master Xu Xin
Lord is innocent
I was the one who had anything to do with your parents' deaths
Why did you hurt grandpa?
Ah!
Uncle, the matter has not been found out yet.
You have to calm down and shut up
Listen to today
It was indeed Grandpa Shen who brought me to the Shen family
He told me.
You are the same Xiaoya ten years ago, so what?
So I just because of this
I have to forgive you for this.
It's been about 10 years, by the way.
I'm so vicious in your heart
Is it so cold-blooded?
How come it doesn't count?
Maybe you've changed a long time ago
you
How we get along these days
Take Me Home
Isn't it just some mood